Hello, everyone.
My name is Alexei, and I am from Russia.
The fact is that I'm no expert in blockchain,
and I'm not a programmer either.
What's more, is that I don't even have
a degree in technical studies.
That is exactly
why I found Spacemesh appealing
because it gives a chance
to an ordinary average user like myself,
and to many of you,
to enter the world of cryptocurrencies
and blockchain technology.
In simple terms,
to start earning cryptocurrency,
you don't need to buy
expensive hardware
and install
specialized software.
You only need
your personal computer
with 24/7 Internet access.
You simply install
the Spacemesh program, launch it,
and it starts making
real money for you.
This project has a great future,
that's why I invite everyone to join.
Good luck.